Now it's time to take our request and actually get the data and be able to share it globally, and for
that we're going to use something called riak context.
So first of all, we have to import, react and use state, create context, use effect and use Memmo.
And we're going to get that from react.
All right.
Now that we've imported what we needed.
We also are going to import our restaurant request and restaurant transform.
And we're going to do that from DOT's Restaurant Service now, we need to make sure that both of these
are exported and as we can see, our transform isn't being exported.
OK, so now that we're back in here, we can now see that we have everything we need to start creating
our contacts.
So first of all, we're going to export consed the restaurants context and that's going to be create
context.
This is going to create a global context for us would react.
And then we're going to export CONSED restaurants context provider, and that's going to be the thing
that wraps the app and provides it certain state.
Now what we need to do here is we're going to return.
Restaurant context, dot provider, and that's going to be what's wrapping the app, and so at this
point you may be thinking, OK, what is it rapping?
Well, it's rapping the children.
So it's going to be rapping whatever the children are.
So we're going to grab children off of the props.
And what we can see now is that OK?
With this basic concept, if we go to app, what we can do is we can say import restaurant context provider
from that source slash.
Services, restaurant slash, and then we'll take the context and what we'll do with this is we're going
to wrap it before the navigation container, right?
So at this level, we're going to put the restaurant in context provider and we're going to wrap it
around the navigation container so that all of the navigation has access to the restaurants.
And what will put on this context, first of all, is we're going to give it a value and we're going
to say value is equal to and then we'll say restaurants.
And then we'll say it's an empty array, right, we'll say it's an empty array, and so we'll put one,
two, three in here.
And what I want to make clear here is by setting up this context now, because we wrapped the app level
consideration with the restaurant context provider, what we can do now is we can go inside our restaurant
screen and we can import from react use context.
And what used context, what we're going to do here is we're going to say in our restaurant screen return,
we're going to open the function body.
And by opening up the function body, what we can do is say CONSED restaurant context is equal to use
context.
And so what we need to use here is we need to import the restaurant context.
Right.
This one.
We need to import this, so we're importing this from and then we're going to dot, dot, dot, dot,
dot, dot, dot, slash services, slash restaurant slash restaurant context, and by importing this,
we can now put it in the used context.
Right, and by doing that console, that logging restaurant context, we should see our restaurants
with the empty array value.
So, OK, what we did here is we went into Apgar's and we wrapped it with the restaurant context provider
that we created in restaurant context.
So this is the provider of this context and it returns the restaurant context, the provider, and it
gives it an initial value of restaurants.
One, two, three.
So this is basically a component that's going to do the majority of the heavy lifting and then telling
the context what it's going to contain as a value.
And that value can be passed around along the tree below Apache's, below Aptos.
We can then go and say, OK, we'll use context, the restaurant context, anything below Apgar's now
can use context of restaurant context.
And if it console that logs that context, what we can see actually, you know what?
Let's go ahead and do this.
Let's use it in the data, because right here we have all this mock data.
So instead of doing this, let's go ahead and do restaurant context restaurants.
And then we should see the amount of restaurants populate that we have set up, so if we reload this,
what we're going to see is we have three restaurants here now.
So it's using the array of the restaurant context right here.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
So we'll see eight restaurants populate.
So we know now that one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight restaurants are being populated.
So this array is now being used by this screen, right by the screen.
As the data attribute, so the data attribute is coming from this, and if we console that log, that
console log.
Restaurant context, and we open our terminal here.
What we'll see inside of that restaurant context if we scroll to the bottom, is that array of one to
eight.
Now, this is obviously not the data that we want to use, but we've just set up a context that we'll
be able to provide any level below Apgar's with the context and the information.
So in that context, that's where we're going to do our service, call and store the restaurants that
we get back and then have that pass down.
And then eventually we'll be able to load up all of San Francisco's data and you'll see all of these
restaurants change.